Alright now that you've watched me
convert the text adventure application
from Java to Kotlin, I guess I should let
you in on a little secret here and tell
you that IntelliJ will convert Java to
Kotlin for you, all you have to do is
drop a snippet of Java code into a
Kotlin file. So let's see how this works,
I'm back in the Java version of the text
adventure and now I'm going to add a
Kotlin file to the project, you can mix
Kotlin and Java like this because as I
said, at the top of the course Kotlin is
interoperable with Java, so I'm going to
spend our source here and I'll add a new
Kotlin file and I'll call that Kotlin
file Kotlin location because I'm going
to convert the location Java class to
Kotlin using the automated conversion,
so now all I have to do is copy the
location code into the file, so I'm going
to go to our location I'm going to ctrl c
all of that, come to the Kotlin
location file and ctrl v and we're going
to get this little pop-up that says
clipboard content copied from Java file,
do you want to convert it to Kotlin code?
Sow you can say not to show the dialog,
I wouldn't check that because there are
going to be times where you definitely
don't want to convert it to Kotlin code,
you just want to put the Java code in as
a starting point and then convert it by
hand, but I do want the code converted
to Kotlin, so I'll say yeah sure
do it and then it's going to tell me
that we're using Java util dot hashmap
and so essentially select the class if I
want an import statement added for it
and I do, so let's go and here we are,
we have our converted application. Now it's
slightly different to the code that I
wrote, but not by much for this class and
once again, you'll understand this code
by the end of the course but you'll
notice that it's using hash map my
version of the code
didn't hear it's explicitly wanting a
hashmap or to return a hashmap and
that's because we're using we're doing
that here in this code and the converter
is designed to generate more verbose
Kotlin code because it's there to help
you learn Kotlin and so it stays really
true to whatever your Java code was
and that's why it's returning a hash map
here even though it could just go ahead
and return exits, the original location
code is returning a new hash map I'm not
sure why and so it's going to do the
same thing, I didn't do that because you
know we have a map property so I just
returned them out. So for the conversion
consider it a starting point or a way to
get a hint if you're trying to convert
some Java code and you're not sure what
to do you could try dropping the java
code into a Kotlin file and see if that
helps you or you know and see if it does
what you want or at least it'll be a
starting point because often, as I said
what you get from the converter will be
more verbose than what Kotlin normally
looks like. Now the converter isn't
infallible, sometimes you'll end up with
code that doesn't compile because the
converter is only looking at the one
file that you or the one snippet that
you wanted to convert, so it's kind of
taking code out of context and so
sometimes the way it chooses to convert
things won't mesh well with existing
code but that's okay, because again it
will give you a starting point,
so wanted to show you the converter now,
so you can start playing with it if you
want to try converting some Java code.
So if you're curious about how some Java
code that you have would look in Kotlin,
you can just open up the java and copy
and paste it into a Kotlin file and
tell the IDE that you want to convert it
to Kotlin, but ideally you're going to be
able to convert Kotlin code by hand to
get the most idiomatic code that you can
so it's time to start learning Kotlin.
I'll see you in the next video.